[SITE-2998] drupal cms initial release (#9373)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/releasenotes/2025-01-15-drupal-cms-upstream.md

---
title: Drupal CMS upstream now available
published_date: "2025-01-15"
categories: [drupal, new-feature]
---

> [Drupal CMS](https://new.drupal.org/drupal-cms) is available to install on Pantheon. Released today by the Drupal Association, Drupal CMS is a Drupal 11 variant that combines powerful, user-friendly content creation and management tools with robust flexibility and scalability for developers and end-users alike.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Drupal CMS](https://new.drupal.org/drupal-cms) is available to install on Pantheon. Released today by the Drupal Association, Drupal CMS is a new packaging of functionality that combines powerful, user-friendly content creation and management tools with robust flexibility and scalability for developers and end-users alike.
```

> For installation details, check out the new [Drupal CMS docs](/supported-drupal#drupal-cms-on-pantheon). Please join us in the [Pantheon Community Slack](https://docs.pantheon.io/pantheon-community) to celebrate the release!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For installation details, check out the new [Drupal CMS docs](/supported-drupal#drupal-cms-on-pantheon). Please join us in the [Pantheon Community Slack](https://docs.pantheon.io/pantheon-community) or [our livestream](https://pantheon.io/events/office-hours/livestream-celebrating-launch-drupal-cms) to celebrate the release!
```

> Our support team is ready and available if you have any questions or issues with installation. 

Reviewer 2: I think a note at the end that says something about installing via the dashboard is coming would be good here

Author: Added a note
